Remove incorrect `is_nsfw` from threads (#1386)
hikari-py/hikari: changes/1386.bugfix.md

> Remove incorrect `is_nsfw` field from threads.

Reviewer: You should document that the parent attribute was moved from GuildChannel to PermissibleGuildChannel as well since that's the change which effects more ppl here really

Author: Changed :)

> - The "NSFW" status is inherited from the parent object and sent in threads.

Author: ```suggestion
- The "NSFW" status is inherited from the parent object and not sent for threads.
```
